# Concurrency TCK Signature Tests

This package is inherited from the Platform-TCK (https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/jakartaee-tck/tree/master/src/com/sun/ts/tests/signaturetest)

The latest signature files are updated in the concurrency TCK Repository 
(concurrency-api//tck/src/main/resources/ee/jakarta/tck/spec/signature) 
generated using sigtest-maven-plugin.jar(version 1.6).

The signature tests are run using the sigtest-maven-plugin.jar and the framework available in this folder.

## For TCK developers

### The configuration

The signature file will be generated by the Concurrency team using the `tck/pom.xml`. 
The pom.xml has a `signature-generation` profile configured for this purpose.
The plugin that generates the signature file has been copied below for reference:


```xml
<plugin>
	<groupId>org.netbeans.tools</groupId>
	<artifactId>sigtest-maven-plugin</artifactId>
	<version>${sigtest.version}</version>
	<executions>
		<execution>
			<id>createSigFile</id>
			<goals>
				<goal>generate</goal>
			</goals>
		</execution>
	</executions>
	<configuration>
		<classes>${project.build.directory}/concurrency-api</classes>
		<packages>
			jakarta.enterprise.concurrent,
			jakarta.enterprise.concurrent.spi,
		</packages>
		<attach>false</attach>
		<sigfile>${project.build.directory}/jakarta.enterprise.concurrent.sig_${version}</sigfile>
	</configuration>
</plugin>
```

- The `classes` configuration points to a location where an earlier plugin has unpacked the api jar form which we are generating the signature file.
- The `packages` configuration specifies the packages we want to generate signatures from. 
- The `attach` configuration specifies that we do not want the plugin to use it's default file extension
- The `sigfile` configurations specifies the signature file we want the plugin to generate

### Generating the Signature File

To generate the signature file go to the TCK project:

```sh
cd tck
```

Use Maven to build the TCK and run the custom profile to generate the signature file:

```sh
mvn install -Psignature-generation
```

The signature file will be generated in the `/target/` directory.

The signature file name expected is `jakarta.enterprise.concurrent.sig_${version}`, where version is the api version form which the signature is generated.

Copy the signature file to the TCK so that it can be used by the test project, and checked into version control.
`src/main/resources/ee/jakarta/tck/concurrent/spec/signature`

## For TCK users

### Running signature tests

Since the Concurrency TCK can only be run against Jakarta EE Servers we have simplified the running of signature tests.

Signature tests will be automatically run as part of the TCK via the `ee.jakarta.tck.concurrent.spec.signature` project. 

This project will deploy a servlet application to the Jakarta EE Server. 
The servlet that will run the signature test using the signaturetest framework from the Platform TCK.

TCK Users will only need to set a single JVM property `-Djimage.dir=<path-your-app-server-has-access-to>`.
This directory will be populated with class files extracted from the JDK modules.